1) In its simplest form, the autoencoder is a three layers net, i.e. a neural net with one hidden layer. The input and output are the same, and we learn how to reconstruct the input, for example using the adam optimizer and the mean squared error loss function.
2) A sparse autoencoder is one of a range of types of autoencoder artificial neural networks that work on the principle of unsupervised machine learning. Autoencoders are a type of deep network that can be used for dimensionality reduction – and to reconstruct a model through backpropagation.
3) A Denoising Autoencoder is a modification on the autoencoder to prevent the network learning the identity function. Specifically, if the autoencoder is too big, then it can just learn the data, so the output equals the input, and does not perform any useful representation learning or dimensionality reduction.
4) A convolutional autoencoder is a neural network (a special case of an unsupervised learning model) that is trained to reproduce its input image in the output layer. An image is passed through an encoder, which is a ConvNet that produces a low-dimensional representation of the image.
5) Autoencoder is a kind of unsupervised learning structure that owns three layers: input layer, hidden layer, and output layer. The process of an autoencoder training consists of two parts: encoder and decoder. Encoder is used for mapping the input data into hidden representation, and decoder is referred to reconstructing input data from the hidden representation. 
6) 
7) Extractive summarization aims at identifying the salient information that is then extracted and grouped together to form a concise summary. Abstractive summary generation rewrites the entire document by building internal semantic representation, and then a summary is created using natural language processing.
8) Abstractive summarization, on the other hand is a technique in which the summary is generated by generating novel sentences by either rephrasing or using the new words, instead of simply extracting the important sentences.
9) Beam search is the most popular search strategy for the sequence to sequence Deep NLP algorithms like Neural Machine Translation, Image captioning, Chatbots, etc. Beam search considers multiple best options based on beamwidth using conditional probability, which is better than the sub-optimal Greedy search.
10) Document length normalization adjusts the term frequency or the relevance score in order to normalize the effect of document length on the document ranking.
12) ROUGE stands for Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation. It is essentially a set of metrics for evaluating automatic summarization of texts as well as machine translations. It works by comparing an automatically produced summary or translation against a set of reference summaries (typically human-produced).